1. Login Page
2. Logout
3. User Input Page
4. Predict Page

Reviews:
1. Bipolar - Lamictal - Lamictal may cause a severe or life-threatening skin rash, especially in children and in people who take a very high starting dose, or those who also take valproic acid (Depakene) or divalproex (Depakote). Seek emergency medical attention if you have a skin rash, hives, blistering, peeling, or sores in your mouth or around your eyes.

2. Bipolar - Lamotrigine- Immediate-release lamotrigine can be used in children as young as 2 years old when it is given as part of a combination of seizure medications. However, this form should not be used as a single medication in a child or teenager who is younger than 16 years old.

3. Bipolar - Latuda - Latuda is not approved for use in psychotic conditions related to dementia. Lurasidone may increase the risk of death in older adults with dementia-related psychosis. Some young people have thoughts about suicide when taking Latuda. Stay alert to changes in your mood or symptoms. Report any new or worsening symptoms to your doctor.

4. Depression - Bupropion - Real and honest review. I’m a 52 yo male living in Canada. I’ve been suffering from Anxiety/ADD/Depression forever. I resisted and procrastinated to take meds again for “years” because of not so great experiences with SSRI’s but also because I read way too much online which scared me off. So I suffered for years until one really bad episode that forced me to take action. I asked my doc to give me Wellbutrin (Bupropion) since it had the least negative reviews (from my years of online self-help nonsense). Started 150mg of Wellbutrin XL for 3 weeks then 300 mg plus 10mg of Citalopram ever since . It’s been LIFE CHANGING really! It’s crazy how I can finally function like a normal human being. I swore to myself that I would write a review here if I found the remedy to my suffering, so here it is. Wellbutrin XL 300mg+10mg of Citalopram has worked “wonders” for me. No more Anxiety, very low ADD and NO MORE depression I really hope this helps a few of you out there.

5. Depression - Cymbalta - I just want to share my positive experience with Cymbalta, since there are so many negative reviews out here. Before this drug, I was on Celexa, then Lexapro...for depression, anxiety disorder and panic attacks. The SSRIs left me feeling flat inside and there were days I couldn't even get out of bed. Cymbalta has changed my life. I have no depression at the moment and have much more energy. I'm more social and have started working out again. In the first few weeks, I had minor side effects - fatigue, brain fog, headaches and nausea. They went away after a few weeks. Glad I stuck it out.

6. Depression - Lexapro - "This pill changed my life. I was very skeptical to take it after reading about the terrible side effects. Indeed I had awful side effects within the first weeks including waking up shaking, increased anxiety and an increase in suicidal thoughts. In fact I begged the doctor to change me onto something else but he told me to stick with it. After 4 weeks I was absolutely transformed and I still honestly can’t believe the change it made to me. I’m no longer crying everyday, I’ve started enjoying all the things I used to and rediscovering myself. I’m no longer angry or unable to contain my emotions. I was in the position you were reading reviews and asking myself if this can really help me. It can! My advice is stick with it because the side effects can be heavy but for me it has changed everything - so much so that I felt I had to come back to write this in the hope of helping others that were in my position!"

7. BP - Lisinopril - "I've been on 5mg Lisinopril (the little pink pills manufactured by Lupin Pharm) for 5 or more years. My BP was well managed, then Walgreens changed the manufacturer/supplier of the 5mg pills to Solco Healthcare--a Zhejiang Huahai (China) Pharma company. I immediately saw a rise in my bp which culminated with a trip to the ER with 191/119 bp...no other changes in my life. Zhejiang has a history of using unacceptable 'binding' materials in their pills. I'm on a quest to find out if Walgreens has some business connection with Solco. These are unacceptable."

8. BP - Benicar - "I was given Benicar 20 mg in Jan 2020 for BP. I was on it 10 days then was rushed to hospital with severe chest pains and difficulty breathing. I was kept for "observation" while stress tests were done. All good thank goodness, but the chest pains remained. Then I read the "more serious side effects" ... chest pains was #2 !!! Don't give me a pill that is going to cause more problems and less quality of life!!!"

9. BP - Amlodipine - "Currently going through torture. 3 ER visits, 2 urgent care visits, and 1 PCP visit all in the mnoth of June. My symptoms are getting worse and no one will listen to me. I’m having heart palpitations, muscle cramps, anxiety, upper left back ache/sharp pain. I’ve been on amlodipine for 4 months and my blood pressure has been lowered, but I can’t function like this. 3 EKGs and the last 2 are now showing PVCs, I’m being told the premature heartbeat is harmless but it feels like I’m going to have a heart attack. Each doctor I’ve seen and spoken with has said Amlodipine wouldn’t cause any of this. I don't think they know, my only reason for starting this medication was high blood pressure. Pray for me, I need a doctor who will listen."

10. Birth - Mirena - "I wanted to come back here and write a review because before I got the Mirena I was reading all of these, although aware that people are more inclined to write about their horror stories rather than their happy stories. So here is my happy story! I was using the ring for a couple years before I tried Mirena. The ring made me miserable, hormonal, moody, irregular. I was very depressed from the fluctuating hormones. In comes Mirena. The Mirena has been the best choice I have ever made for myself. It is true what all my friends and reviewers say. I do not feel hormonal or moody. In fact I feel much more balanced! My skin does break out at times but I will happily take that over what I was experiencing before. My periods have stopped and I sometimes pms about a week before what WOULD be my period, but it is very mild and manageable. Sooo happy with my Mirena!!! I was scared just like you and it was the best choice I made for myself."

11. Birth - Vienva (ethinyl estradiol / levonorgestrel) - "So I’ve been on Vienva for 4 months now. When I barely started this birth control I was scared and I searched it up on here, and I saw the horrible reviews. So I talked my friends about it, and they told me that people are MOST likely to review when they have a bad experience with something. And it’s true, because if you’re having a good time with a medication you don’t ever consider going and reviewing it. So I decided to give it a try at least for a couple of months. The first month, I experienced moodiness and headaches & nausea. I wasn’t surprised because I was taking hormones and that’s what hormones can do. My withdrawal bleeds are shorter (3-4 days instead of 5-7) my experience has been mostly positive! You never know until you try:) I hope I helped someone who’s about to start on birth control!"

12. Birth - Nexplanon - "I’ve been on birth control for as long as I could remember. I’ve tried the pill the depo shot and the patches. I got nexplanon inserted three years ago mainly because I didn’t want to remember having to take a pill or set up a doctors appointment for the injection. The first year was fine but after that my whole life turned upside down. I didn’t relate it to the birth control but I’ve had severe depression and anxiety, which I’ve never experienced in my life until nexplanon. This needs to be taken off the market. I’m a very mean person on it and I get my period for weeks at a time. I’m always crying and being irrational and not to mention the horrible acne this thing puts out. Worse experience of my entire life. I can’t even begin to explain the emotional rollercoaster this type of birth control has put me through"

13. Diabetes type 2 - Trulicity - "My husband of over fifty years was put on this drug at the beginning of 2020. He was over 270 pounds and his A1C was over 11. The Dr was desperate. My husband experienced horrible nausea and abdominal pain. He began to lose weight but not as fast as the Dr wanted. He was put on concentrated insulin twice a day. He started becoming sicker. He was taken to ER in August of 2020. He was placed on a ventilator for respiratory distress. He suffered three strokes while in a medically induced coma. He never recovered. I don't know what the answer is to this drug and who should or should not take it. I'm just saying that anyone who starts experiencing bad symptoms should not wait until the Dr takes them off of the drug. Be your own advocate!"

14. Diabetes type 2 - Victoza - "I'm a 45 yr old woman, diagnosed with type 2 diabetes 4 yrs ago. I was prescribed Metformin, then added glipizide, which made me gain a half a pound a day until I quit taking it 30 days & 15 lbs later. Then I was prescribed Victoza. The first 3 weeks, I was sick to my stomach, all day, every day. I had NO energy at all. I would get out of bed, get dressed & then lay back down - it was really THAT bad. BUT after around the 4th week, I started feeling normal again. My A1C went from 9.2 to 5.4 in just 5 weeks. Now, I am never above 130 -even after have a can of Pepsi. Also, I lost 30lbs in 45 days. Just amazing! Suffer through the initial sickness, don't give up on it, Victoza is a life changer! Victoza website for discount card. I pay $25/month."

15. Diabetes type 2 - Dulaglutide - "I must say you guy's were scaring me about the negative side effects, so I was weighing up whether or not to start. I realized that I am more than a conqueror, and can overcome any undesirable side effects that come up. Well, about 4 hours later and time to eat, the yucky stomach started. I thought, is it just my mind or is it really the new meds kicking in. I didn't eat much, a good thing. HERE IS WHAT TOOK THE SICK FEELING AWAY. There are little Ginger chews called "Chimes" find them on Amazon, believe me, I am a "Research to the end" freak, but one of these little gummy-like chews TOOK AWAY THE SICK FEELING IN 30 SECONDS. Now as of this writing and about two hours later, the sick sweaty feeling is still GONE. PTL, is all I can say. Try it, you have nothing to loose but the sick feeling, without another pill to take. Trust me, I don't write, type, text, or comment much about anything but, this was a game, or life changing event for me and I hope you will try this."

16. ADHD - 

17. ADHD - 

18. ADHD - 

19. Acne -

20. Acne -

21. Acne -




